feat: remove react router on the client (#611)
Shopify/hydrogen: packages/hydrogen/src/framework/docs/routes.md

{% endcodeblock %}

## Navigating

### Navigating between routes with `<Link>`

> Used the `Link` component to navigate between routes. The `link` component renders an underlying `<a>` element. Because of this, all properties available to an `<a>` element are also available to `Link`. See [`<a>` element documentation](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/a#attributes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Link` component is used to navigate between routes. Because it renders an underlying `<a>` element, all properties available to the `<a>` element are also available to the `Link` component. For more information, refer to the [`<a>` element documentation](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/a#attributes).

#### Example code

{% codeblock file, filename: 'index.server.jsx' %}

```jsx
import {Link} from '@shopify/hydrogen';
export default function Index() {
  return <Link to="/products/hydrogen">Hydrogen</Link>;
}
```

{% endcodeblock %}
```

> Additional props for `link`:
> 
> | Name            | Type                 | Description                                                                                                                                               |
> | --------------- | -------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
> | to              | <code>string</code>  | The destination URL that the Link points to. This will be the `href` attribute of the underlying `<a>` element.                                           |
> | replace?        | <code>boolean</code> | Instead of pushing state, replace state. See [history.replaceState documentation](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/History/replaceState). |
> | clientState?    | <code>any</code>     | Pass custom client state with the navigation.                                                                                                             |
> | reloadDocument? | <code>boolean</code> | Reload the whole document on navigation.                                                                                                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Props

| Name            | Type                 | Description                                                                                                                                               |
| --------------- | -------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| to              | <code>string</code>  | The destination URL that the link points to. This is the `href` attribute of the underlying `<a>` element.                                        |
| replace?        | <code>boolean</code> | Whether to update the state object or URL of the current history entry. Refer to the [history.replaceState documentation](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/History/replaceState). |
| clientState?    | <code>any</code>     | The custom client state with the navigation.                                                                                                             |
| reloadDocument? | <code>boolean</code> | Whether to reload the whole document on navigation.                                                                                                                  |
```

{% codeblock file, filename: 'index.server.jsx' %}

```jsx
import {Link} from '@shopify/hydrogen';

export default function Index() {
  return <Link to="/products/hydrogen">Hydrogen</Link>;
}
```

{% endcodeblock %}

### Navigating between routes with `useNavigate`

Use the `useNavigate` hook to imperativly navigate between routes. Make sure to use this only where appropriate. Generally you should use `<Link>` instead, because it provides standard browser accessibility functionality, like cmd+click and right click to open.

`useNavigate` is a hook that returns a function. That function takes two parameters:

`path` - The path you wish to navigate to

> `options` - An config object that can have `replace`, `reloadDocument`, and `clientState`. Similar to the options available in `<Link>`

Reviewer: Could give an example of when to use the `useNavigate` hook?

{% codeblock file, filename: 'component.client.jsx' %}

```jsx
import {useNavigate} from '@shopify/hydrogen/client';

function addToCart() { ... }

export default function ClientComponent() {
  const navigate = useNavigate();

  async function clickAddToCart() {
    await addToCart();
    navigate('/success', {replace: true});
  }

  return <Button onClick={clickAddToCart}>Add to Cart</Button>;
}
```

{% endcodeblock %}

> 

Reviewer: @blittle Instead of adding the reference documentation in this topic, we should have standalone dedicated reference topics for the `Link` component and the `useNavigate` hook. Can we house this documentation in these two folders?

- https://github.com/Shopify/hydrogen/tree/main/packages/hydrogen/src/components/Link
- https://github.com/Shopify/hydrogen/tree/main/packages/hydrogen/src/hooks/useNavigate

Reviewer: @blittle Ah, right. I didn't realize this also impacted the `useNavigate` hook docs as well. I spent some time this morning trying to integrate the docs into those folders and generate the READMEs, and ran into the same issues you likely came across. One thing that we can do is mimic the structure of the reference docs in this framework-related topic. I've added some comments / suggestions below to help with this.
